*****
Usage
*****

.. _Creating visit types:

Creating visit types
====================

Before you can start `Recording a visit` you need to create the different
`Visit Types <model-sale.direct.visit.type>` that you want to use.

These visit types are created in the normal way you create new records in
Tryton.
Often you will want to have visit types such as ``Left Sales Material``,
``Collected Sales Material``, ``Not Interested``, and so on.

Each of these allows you to set the default values that you want to use when
performing a `Visit <model-sale.direct.visit>` of that type.

.. _Recording a visit:

Recording a visit
=================

You can record a `Visit <model-sale.direct.visit>` to an
`Address <model-party.address>` in a number of different ways.

Creating a new *Visit* record manually is possible, but there is a
`Perform Visit <wizard-sale.direct.visit.perform>` wizard which makes it very
simple to record a visit to an address.

If you are visiting an address for the first time, the *Perform Visit* wizard
can be started from the [:menuselection:`Sales --> Visits --> New Visit`]
main menu item.
It then asks for the address that is being visited, and the details of the
visit.

When revisiting an address you will probably find it easiest to use the
:guilabel:`Visit` button that is found on each of the last visits.

.. _Listing addresses to revisit:

Listing addresses to revisit
============================

You can find a list of the `Addresses <model-party.address>` that need to be
revisited today or at some point in the future by opening the
[:menuselection:`Sales --> Visits --> Last Visits`] main menu item.

.. _Registering a sales order:

Registering a sales order
=========================

Both `Visits <model-sale.direct.visit>` and last visits allow you to create
a `Sale <sale:model-sale.sale>` associated with the visit.

With the visit, or last visit, selected you should start the
`Register Order <wizard-sale.direct.visit.register_order>` wizard from the
:guilabel:`Launch Action` menu.

This will then create a new sales order and register it as being generated by
the selected visit.
You can then fill in the details of the sale as normal.
This also takes care of creating a new `Party <party:model-party.party>` for
the sale if the `Address <party:model-party.address>` is not associated with
any party.
